= application_helper_patch

== このプラグインについて

このプラグインは、TestLink(テスト管理ツール)のテストケースIDを利用して
RedmineとTestLinkを連携させることを目的としています。

このプラグインをインストールすることにより、
チケット登録・更新時にTestLinkへのリンクを挿入することが可能です。

== 動作環境

Redmine 0.8.4で動作を確認しました。

== インストール方法

RAILS_ROOT/vendor/plugins以下にファイルを展開してください。

展開後は次のようなディレクトリ構成となります。

RAILS_ROOT/
  |
  +-vendor/
      |
      +-plugins/
          |
          +-redmine_application_helper_patch/
              |
              +-app/
              +-assets/
              +-db/
              +-lang/
              +-lib/
              +-test/

TestLinkのRootURLを変更するために
RAILS_ROOT/
  |
  +-vendor/
      |
      +-plugins/
          |
          +-redmine_application_helper_patch/
              |
              +-lib/
                  +-application_helper_patch.rb
                    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Line#5: TESTLINK_ROOTURLの内容を
実際に連携させたいTestLinkのRootURLに置き換えてください。
例: TESTLINK_ROOTURL = 'http://localhost/testlink';

上記設定作業が終了しましたら、Redmineを再起動してください。

== ライセンス

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 FAR END Technologies Corporation http://www.farend.co.jp/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

